#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.3.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via httpx
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via pdfminer-six
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.6
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.97.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.7.2
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.65.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via google-api-core
grpcio-tools==1.62.2
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx[http2]==0.27.0
    # via qdrant-client
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.26
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.95
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown==3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   qdrant-client
orjson==3.10.6
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20240706
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
qdrant-client==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via google-generativeai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
